implement KubernetesExecutor (#311)
stackabletech/airflow-operator: docs/modules/airflow/pages/getting_started/first_steps.adoc

- `metadata.name` contains the name of the Airflow cluster
- the label of the Docker image provided by Stackable must be set in `spec.version`

> - `spec.executor`: this setting determines how the cluster will run (for more information see https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/executor/index.html#executor-types). This field takes one of two values, `celery` or `kubernetes`: `celery` will deploy workers as defined by the role and specify `CeleryExecutor` internally. `kubernetes` will set `KubernetesExecutor` internally, and the scheduler will take responsibility for creating (and terminating) pods for the DAG individual tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spec.celeryExecutors`: deploy workers managed by Airflow's Celery engine. Alternatively you can use `kuberenetesExectors` tha twill use Airflow's Kubernetes engine for worker management. For more information see https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/executor/index.html#executor-types).
```
